parameter estimation and replicate the experiment. 
leadership in female leaders more social and better leaders
percieve dominance leaders as transformational
replication
publishable unit
leadership style scenerio with ethically, financially, socially, 

ceo who safety task in a car non disclosure

reddit change my view analysis Zach Horne

reasonably simple behavioral economics game

prisoners dilemma 

done to simulate negoitiation tactics.
	dominance = don't trust these people
			seize control the group
			rate that


leadership
	investigated something like a power motive
		create a measure of dominance
tailure discussion in the groups

	prestige 

question : if people self-reported power do they see behaviors with their own power motives as aligning ith theirs. good risk calculation 


orthogonalize the interaction between team members
	cooperate or defect

create a google sheet 

project archive 

	original pre-registration record. The initial pilot study original pre-registration hypothesis iv and dv are standardized the coefficient standard erorrs and square root of the subjects. 

power related 

cooperate and defect with six cells

	all three power motives cannot 2 of one and one of the other 

negoitiation strategy literature

walk out overbearing

cooperatively working through

bargaining for advantage 

each group being 3 people  

3 by 3 grid

each person could see 1 by a column row intersection

balanced within subjects 
	they would have gotten power style and negotiation outcome
		no = walk away, refuse to confuse, problem solver = abandon your proposal and start over/time limit is the risk risky to walk away/risky to abandon the bargaining burns time, accommodation = accept the intitial offering from the other party. 
difficult to get a dominance related theme to  = i don't want to hear to them and this is assume control <- the dominance related theme. Who was the leader, how risky was the decision made. 

Using confederates to act as a dominant individual/leadership/prestige. Influence the idnividuals.  